creation of 90 how is 1992 going to serve and I hope to talk about the
olympics barcelona does not look very healthy
work that has lost a bit not barral two of those same and wait for me
you lack respect is not missing 1992 is the year in which I fulfilled 15
years is to say that since the major
greater was 15 years the only thing that has more grains yesterday
you want me to kiss you month that the cne has me they are also called people
we did not blow it up in parana campaign so assaulted travelers to
Argentines 1991 was flying because it's going to be a year-end traca we're going to go to
do that
between that and that in Barcelona if we go to see a pet that goes jovi and peña
peptin tdt while caught
dt gustavo cabral is this
I do not know why heavy these good commission things because the truth
because I was not going to let me out, they're going to stop me from coming to smoke or anything
what the elders do and that later on in tandil is not so much fun
soto what to go out there after a cold milk no night at night
all right
and you owe it and chiqui meza vermilion a baby of a shot if champagne that I
he liked nothing pellón as was greater ruiz the pimp directs water
mandanda I was sibilio taxi drivers has dispensed was also not advanced much you see
another disrespectful but good in short that I was entering sps
mavate the age of the turkey that you when you already know what it is but when
entered the track
to me yes they are preparing me for improved kitchens shelving tables
with three who militates and that there were no children of my age just thought will be
that omen and added that every time he approaches my grandmother half
my mother is public and fatter is better what I do not become the actor
that is getting fatter was more health for garnets when using labels
amazing health
they resume summarizing you
in short I that Christmas is remembered from memory two things very
The first one is that I went on a diet to annoy my family, joseba basata and
the second night of kings jarque because I was already older chávez and the
it happened of the kings if they came well and if not also caracas 9 august 21 also
and the last year
happens to them is more do not leave them and nougat or water or anything they follow although
go to seven eleven canada clearly not detected millennium
another aggravating in the morning
Look, chávez, I do not care, and they go down the aisle if
of a gift has been under the minimum purchase
so I ran a bit down the aisle but because my daughter I like to run
in the morning facet artistic keita
and yes that's good he opened the quick package faster than a caretaker
local see the water
no tip speed either have
but good sometimes I did it more than anything because eta is not worth a dislike these
three gentlemen who is also not houston tx
but good when from the pack stewart and curly rabbit this entry
despite the mega sega defeat for the weight he thought the seam the now ex in 92
If the philosophical technology of navaseca battle
home
good to have yourself but do not see a bit of skin I kept good from
spiderman percent
we have a picture that a doll I bequeath for this my mother but that very well
could alternate the 91 samaranch sisters
mariano ceruti the maximum leader the public a dream
as I passed the senator in his works and a plan by sentence and should
play and on February 4 I get up my father could move in the afternoon crib
esteban imputaban hopefully nothing is done so I discovered pelé of the bottom even
a little boy in remaining a child
a little bit was a total child
It's funny my first so I got excited with the younger daughters and
second for a note that better the kings that put in it's the last time
you do not put us tournament
because it's going to bring you the dry draws me
the fat man of santa claus
this mass
so min I postos tell everyone that please
enjoy Christmas I know that children p
that enjoy as I have a human mind life that deserves to be remembered
yes yes there always supporting children so that these children
enjoy and they would be as much as me and maybe they'll end up being comedians
although he does not accuse him